Update diagram custom docs (#414)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Diagram/10 Data Binding/Data Binding.md

> The **Diagram** can load external treelike and graph structures. The supported data structures are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Diagram** can load external tree-like and graph structures. The supported data structures are listed below.
```
